Implementation of HP8560A & HP8561B (#888)
pymeasure/pymeasure: docs/api/instruments/hp/hp856xx.rst

##################################
HP 8560A / 8561B Spectrum Analyzer
##################################

> Every unit is the base unit so for time it's seconds, frequency in hertz etc...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every unit is used in the base unit, so for time it is s (Seconds), frequency in Hz (Hertz) etc...
```
